Welcome to the Teams Toolkit! Here are some tips to get started building your app.

Prerequisites
----------

To debug a Bot capability in a Teams app, you'll need to setup Ngrok(https://ngrok.com/). Ngrok is used to help forward external messages from Azure Bot Framework to your locally running machine.

After installing ngrok, use a Command Prompt to run this command: ngrok http 5130


Quick start
----------

Before you run or Start Debugging for the first time, follow these steps:

1. This is a bot project, so first use a Command Prompt to run this command: ngrok http 5130.

2. In Visual Studio Solution Explorer, right click on your project file and select "Prepare Teams app dependencies" command to prepare local debug dependencies. When prompted, sign in using your M365 account.

3. Select the Debug > Start Debugging menu in Visual Studio or press F5. Visual Studio will launch the app inside Microsoft Teams using a browser.

4. Once Microsoft Teams is loaded, select the Add button to install your app in Teams.

5. Post HTTP request to http://localhost:5130/api/notification to trigger notification. You can use any HTTP tool: command line, PowerShell, etc.


Deploy your first Teams app on Azure
------------------------------------

Select 'Project > Teams Toolkit > Provision in the Cloud' to create resources in Azure and Microsoft 365 for your app, but no code is copied to the resources.

Select 'Project > Teams Toolkit > Deploy to the Cloud', this step copies the code for your app to the resources you created during the provision step. It is common to deploy multiple times without provisioning new resources. Since the provision step can take some time to complete, it is separate from the deployment step.

Once the provisioning and deployment steps are complete: Select 'Project > Teams Toolkit > Preview Teams app' to launch your app - now running remotely from Azure!


Report an issue
---------------

If you meet any problem when you are using out Toolkit or building your own Teams app. You can create an issue in our GitHub repository: https://github.com/OfficeDev/TeamsFx/issues


Q&A
---------------

1. How do I logout or switch my M365 / Azure account in Teams Toolkit?
   Please remove the account in Visual Studio account settings, you can find it in the right side of the menu bar. Then the Teams Toolkit commands will prompt the dialog for you to log in.

2. Why is my bot not working in Teams?
   Please check if the ngrok is running correctly in your local environment. ngrok will expire every 2 hours and you need to restart it unless you log in with a paid subscription. After the restart, the endpoint will change and you need to click the command Project > TeamsFx > Configure Microsoft Teams app to update the new endpoint.

3. Why does the command Configure Microsoft Teams app show that ngrok is not running correctly?
   We only support the ngrok is running with default settings. Please make sure the ngrok web interface is http://127.0.0.1:4040.